BD-2659: Conversions dashboard GA (#6589)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _docs/_user_guide/data_and_analytics/analytics/conversions_dashboard.md

To download the time series data, click <i class="fas fa-bars"></i> and select your download option. Available options are PNG, JPEG, PDF, SVG, or CSV.

![]({% image_buster /assets/img_archive/conversions2_over_time.png %}){: style="max-width:70%"}

### Attribution methods

| Attribution method | Definition | Rate calculation | Channel-specific options |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Upon Receipt | Total number of conversions that occurred after message receipt | Calculated as (Unique Received Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon email delivery</li><li>Upon SMS delivery</li></ul>{:/} |
| Upon Send | Total number of conversions that occurred after message send | Calculated as (Unique Send Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon push send</li><li>Upon Content Card send</li><li>Upon SMS send</li></ul>{:/} |
| Upon Open | Total number of conversions that occurred after message open | Calculated as (Unique Open Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon email open</li><li>Upon push open</li></ul>{:/} |

> | Upon Click | Total number of conversions that occurred message click | Calculated as (Unique Click Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon email click</li><li>Upon Content Card click</li><li>Upon IAM click</li></ul>{:/} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upon Click | Total number of conversions that occurred message click | Calculated as (Unique Click Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon email click</li><li>Upon Content Card click</li><li>Upon in-app message click</li></ul>{:/} |
```

Author: This is actually the name of the field in Braze, the acronym is used because of very limited UI space in the select box.

> | Upon Impression | Total number of conversions that occurred after an impression | Calculated as (Unique Impression Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon IAM impression</li><li>Upon Content Card impression</li></ul>{:/} |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Upon Impression | Total number of conversions that occurred after an impression | Calculated as (Unique Impression Conversions) / (Unique Recipients) | {::nomarkdown}<ul><li>Upon in-app message impression</li><li>Upon Content Card impression</li></ul>{:/} |
```

Author: Same comment as above

Reviewer: Sounds good, thanks for clarifying!

| Upon Last-Touch | Conversions that give all credit to the last-touched or clicked message during the conversion window. | Calculated as (Number of Touches) / (Unique Recipients) | Last-touch attribution is automatically selected if multiple channels are added to the report.|
{: .reset-td-br-1 .reset-td-br-2 .reset-td-br-3 .reset-td-br-4}

> ## Terms to know

Reviewer: Nitpick: If there's a single term to know, is a table the best format for this? Perhaps a Tip alert instead?

Reviewer: If you decide to change this, don't forget that there's a link to "Terms to know" above.
